What was the problem with contacting him then? Because I have a rare subtype of bipolar, I am involved with hearing servers through air and I in actuality non-age harder than you Think. That was my main reasons for contacting him, and remember; I am innocent to criminal activitites throughout a whole lifetime. I wanted to know why I had to go through hell for contacting him in a reasonable manner? I actually didn't succeed being involved by the others of his coworkers. I wanted you to know that this was too evil considering you didn't even get my email authentic. But he is the Project leader too and no one else wanted to involve me of the others of his team. I also say that I sent this email once but many people had hacked my machine and spammed him with my account. I didn't even know back then that my texts were fingerprinted with data in it. You just said that you hated me for involving this data of the highest DNA sort in the World, but I didn't even know it. Did you know it was the highest data for DNA in the World, though? Or did you know that only the person with the highest age length can have it? How come you wanted to help me against the Americans then? And my speech [considering I should have it highest data in the world], do you Think you had it authent? I prove it, you had it up to 2% authentic on average, didn't you? Do you still base your decision on what I am saying through air, then you can stop. Yesbox through air. You can give it back to me [all], especially through these dll catalogues, without anyone in the World being hurt for it. This document is now my defendant against his attempt to prove for the World that this is unacceptable and must be punished for doing. Which phone call, though? The one I had with the robots or not? I did not DNA clone either, you idiots.. And we just know it with force. That moment, though, when I touched my dog with my finger as a Child through vision. Did you like to attack me for that? Or being raped by my father at Before the age of 4, did you like extracting my brain to him as a reward for raping me? He raped me and was benefited through the brain and he is highly successful in the field of bipolar now, isn't he?